/* 
 * Name: Songhao Zhou 
 * Login: cs11wJC
 * Date: 2/20/2014
 * File: README
 * This file explains to user what programs do in details
 */ 
Program Description:
  This program is designed to personate 3 different kinds of critters,
Chaser, Runner and Random. When the programmed is started, there will be 
6 buttons and two labels on the screen, the current status label, start 
button, stop button, clear button at the north of the canvas and
instruction label, Chaer, Runner, Random button. The current status label
will indicates user the current status and changes acoordingly.If the 
simulation is in the stopped state, the status should read “Simulation is 
stopped.” If the simulation is in the started state, but there are less 
than 2 Critters on the canvas, the status should read “Please add two or 
more critters.” If the simulation is in the started state, and there are 
2 or more Critters on the canvas, the status should read "Simulation is 
running." When user clicked the Chaser button, the instruction label will
say "Click on the canvas to create a Chaser", and ig user do so, a cyan 
color filledrec will appear at the center of the click of mouse. When user
clicked the Runner button, the instruction label will say "Click on the 
canvas to create a Runner", and ig user do so, a magenta color 
filledoval willappear at the center of the click of mouse. When user
clicked the Runner button, the instruction label will say "Click on the 
canvas to create a Runner", and ig user do so, a magenta color 
filledoval will appear at the center of the click of mouse. When user
clicked the Random button, the instruction label will say "Click on the 
canvas to create a Random", and ig user do so, a orange color 
cross will appear at the center of the click of mouse. When two chasers
are present, they won't chase each other; however, if either a runner or
a random is present then the chaser will chase the closest one as long as
the other is not a chaser. As for a runner, it will always run away from
the nearest critter no matter what it is. But for the random, it will acts
on itsself (not affect by any other critter at present). All critters will
stay in the canvas, once the runner or random hits the boundary it will
then randomly switch to a location where within the canvas. If stop button
is clicked during the action , all critters will stop moving. Otherwise,
if start button is clicked then all the critters should be in action. 
Once, the clear button is clicked then all the criiters on the canvas will
be removed.

Java Questions: 
1. A high school student is trying to write a Java program that will draw 
   different shapes and in different possible colors. To do this, she 
   has written just one Java class called ShapeDrawer, which contains all 
   the necessary methods like drawRedCircle(), drawBlueCircle(), 
   drawYellowSquare(), drawGreenSqare(), and so on. Using object-oriented 
   terminology, describe how you can help the student improve her design. 

   I would suggest to create methods that responsible for setting
   different shapes colors seperately instead of cramming them into one
   big chunk. In this way, it will cut down the number of method.

   Another suggestion would be to create two classes, 
   one that to extends windowcontroller which manipulate all the creations
   of new object, while the other one should handle each object's behavior.
   The benefit of doing so is easier to debug. 

2. List at least two ways in which Java Interfaces and Java abstract 
   classes are different. 

   @1 : the inteface only has the method header but there's no body.
        But abstract class can has both the body and header

   @2 : abstract classes is a super class, thus can be extended
        but inteference is not, can only be implemented.

3. List at least two ways in which Java Interfaces and Java abstract 
   classes are alike. 
 
   @1 : Both have method headers
 
   @2 : methods in both can be inherited

Vim Questions: 
4. How can you run gvim through the command line to open all Java source 
   code files in the current directory, each file in its own tab? 
 
   type in "vim -p *.java"

Unix Questions: 
5. Suppose you are currently inside a directory and in there you want to 
   make a new directory called fooDir. And inside fooDir, you want another
   directory called barDir. Using only a single mkdir command, how can you
   create a directory called fooDir with a directory called barDir inside 
   it?
 
   type in "mkdir -p /fooDir/barDir/"

















