Program Description: 

  PART 1:In general, this program let user create PacMen when the mosue is 
clicked and those PacMen will increasing, decreaisng, spinning, 
changing the color based on which quadrant PacMan is in constantly. 
When user start this program, 2 lines, vertical and horizontal one, 
will appear at the center of the window that pop up and devide the 
pop up window into 4 quadrants.Then, user is able to drag the vertical 
or horizontal or both of the lines around. In order to do that, press 
the mouse and move the mouse (with no release of the mouse). However,
there is a bound that the program has predetermined which is 5 pixels at top,
right, bottom and left of the pop-up wondow. After playing around with the 
lines, user is also able to change the size of pop-up window by move the
mouse to the edge of the pop-up window and change the size of it by draging
when the mouse changed from a arrow to dragging symbol (varies between the 
systems).During the change of window, the program will keep the proprtion of
the quadrants that has been devided by vertical and horizontal lines the same.
So no matter how big or small the canvas has changed to, the proprtional of 
4 quadrants will stay the same. After done playing around with the lines and
window size, user can click the mouse (press the mouse and release without move
the mouse) to create the PacMan. Depending on which quadrant that user has
create the PacMan at, the PacMan will set to its default color (upper 
left-cyan; upper right - magenta; lower left - yellow, lower right - black).
Once the PacMan has created, it will start increasing its size and when it
reached twice of its original size it will start decreaising to its half 
original size and increasing again.During this resizing process, PacMan will
also spinning by itself and they can'be moved by any method.
At this moment, if user changes the postion of vertical and horizontal lines 
(hence the proportion of the quadrants), PacMan will stay at the same location
where they are created andkeep resizing and spinning.However, they will change
their color depending on which quadrant that they are currently been located in.
They will keep resizing, spinning, changing color constantly whenver user
changethe proportion of the quadrants by moving the lines or changing the size
of window. if user changed the size of the canvas to a point where user can't
see the pacman anymore, pacman will still be there do its trick and user can
see it again when user enlarge the window.

  PART 2: At this time, we've added buttons, sliders to let user have more
interactions with the program. When user first started the program, there will
be a text message says"Resizable PacMan Controls" on the top of the canvas
along with four buttons, "start, stop, clear all and switch spin" beneath the 
text.Also, there is a slider bar at the bottom of the canvas along with a label
indicates the current speed. When user creates the Pacmans by clicking on the 
canvas and then user click stop, then all pacmans, no matter how many are there
will stop all together.ANd they will remain freeze until user click start. At 
the mean time, if user created more pacmans those pacmans will remain freeze.
Pacmans will resizing and spinning whne it is created, and its default spining
direction is clockwise. When pacmans are not in freeze situation and user 
clicked once "switch spin" button, all pacmans will spinning counter-clockwise
and when user clicked it second time, it will spnning back into clockwise
fashion.For instance, pacman will spinning clockwise if user click the switch
spin button even number times; and pacman will spinning counter clockwise 
if user clicked switch spin button odd number of times. User can also change 
the speed of Pacman spinning by sliding the slidbar at the bottom of the canvas
the higher the speed indicates the faster the pacman will spin. User can also
drag pacman around if user press on one of the pacmans and drag it; it is also
possible ofr user to drag multiple pacmans and lines if they all overlaps each
other.However, just as the line boundaries that described in PART 1 Pacmans can
not exceed that boundary neither.One more thing worth to mention, pacman is 
constantly changing its color based on which quadrant it is in.



Short Response:

1. Q:Using vim/gvim, how can you open a file from the Linux command line
     so that you are taken directly to a specified line in the file?  
   A:vim +/LineNumberHere fileName
     ex:$ vim +546 functions
    
2. Q:How do you turn off special coloring of keywords and syntax in vim
     (this is most evident in gvim)? For example, by default your gvim colors 
     comments differently from other parts of code (comments are colored blue
     by default). If you turn off syntax coloring then all the code in your
     file will be of same color, black by default. How do you turn the coloring
     back on?
   A:First go to command mode, to turn coloring off type in ":syntax off"
     Type ":syntax on" to turn it back on.
   
3. Q:What is the command that you type in to view more information on how to
     use vim/gvim? The specific command that we¿re looking for is the one you 
     type in command mode in an open vim/gvim file, not on the terminal.
     Typing the command will bring up a help manual for vim.
   A:type ":h user-manual" in the command mode

4. Q:What run time structure holds the local variables and formal parameters 
     with each method invocation?    
   A:The "call stack" .

5. Q:What are the only things that can be declared in a Java interface?
     Be specific with full access modifiers and keywords. 
   A:only methods and constants can be declared.
     ex:public interface Highlightable 
     { 
     public void showHighlight( Color color ); 
     public void hideHighlight(); 
     public Color getHighlightColor(); 
     }
