Program Description:
1.AnimalSpeak: This program is designed to let user pick the correct animal which  corresponding to the sound that it make. When the user started the program
  there will be nine animals, with size 100*100,appear on the screen. At
  the bottom of the appletview there's a text says "which animal says" + the 
  sound that typical animal make and it will be picked randomly. There are
  couple different scenarios. If user has the correct hit of the image, then
  the parameter of that very image will be highlighted as green and there
  is a green text, saying "CORRECT!-- Click mouse to restart", appearabove the 
  question prompt.And if user click agian, then all the colored item will go
  away except the question propmt which will be renewed to a random pick of
  animal's sound. But if user has a wrong clik, then that very animal will be
  highlighted as red and a red text saying "WRONG - Try Again!" will appear
  above the question prompt.At this point, if user hit a coorect image then 
  the scenario under correct click will show. At any moment, a click on the
  blank of the canvas will be result in all colored items gone but only 
  renewed question prompt will show.

2.Memory: This program is designed to test user's memory by only allowing user
  to see 2 picture of animals after 2 clicks by the user but hide them if user
  has two NOT match at 3rd click but stay there if they do match. When user
  first started the program, there will be 18 framed rectangles(the rectangles
  only with parameter in the color black). But if user click on any one of
  those 18 tiles, then the clicked tile will show the animal that is underneeth
  it.At this point, if user click anywhere besides the rest of 17 tiles, the 
  program will do nothing. At second click (click on the rest of 17 tiles), 
  will results in reveal the animel underneeth that particalar tile. Then,
  those 2 animals will be highlighted as green around their 2-pixel parameter
  if two revealed animal match, at this momentm the program will do nothing if 
  user click anywhere besides the rest 16 tiles; But highlighted as red if they   do NOT match, at this moment, when user click the third time and click on
  one of those red highlighted animals then the lastest clicked one will 
  remian show but with highlight gone and the earlist click aniaml will
  disappear. But if user click on the hidden tiles, then that tile will reveal
  the animal underneeth it just like it did for the first click but with two
  red highlighted animals disappear. And this process will repeat itself until
  user has matched all 18 animals. One thing to notice, when there are two
  NOT match animals are present, a click on the blank of the canvas wiii let
  those two highlighted animals and their highlights disappear.	

Short Response:

sim related questions: 
1. Q: In vim, how do you move the cursor to the end of a line with
      a single command? To the beginning of a line with a single command?
   A: In order to move to the end of the line : 
      First press "Esc" to enter the command mode and then type "$" sign by 
      pressing "shift + 4".
      In order to move to the begin of the line : First press "Esc" to enter
      the command mode and then type "0" sign by pressing "0".

2. Q: How do you highlight/select a line in vim? 
   A: Press "control + v" then move the arrow button to highlight the line. 

Java related questions:
3. Q: What does the keyword static mean in regards to variables? 
   A: The static keyword associated with variables in java specifies
      that the entity belongs to the class and not any object instance of
      the same.

4. Q:  What does the keyword static mean in regards to methods?
        Provide an example use of a static method.
   A: The static keyword associated with methods in java specifies that the
      entity belongs to the class and not any object instance of the same.
      example : public static void main(String[] args){
 		   ...
		}

5. Q: What is overriding? Give an example from a previous/current assignment.
   A: The ability of a subclass to override a method allows a class to inherit
      from a superclass whose behavior is "close enough" and then to modify
      behavior as needed. The overriding method has the same name, number and 
      type of parameters, and return type as the method that it overrides.
      example: 	@Override 
 		public abstract boolean equals(Object o)

Unix related questions: 
6. Q: Using the cut command, how do you extract out only the columns 5
      through 13 in a file named foo? 
   A: cut -c 5-13 foo

