/* 
 * Name: Songhao Zhou 
 * Login: cs11wJC
 * Date: 2/20/2014
 * File: README
 * This file explains to user what programs do in high level
 */ 
Program Description:
  ReverseRecurse.java: This program is designed to take user 
specified array and print it out in a reversed order with 2 
ways to reverse that order. When the program starts, it will 
print out the line says “Maximum number of integers you wish to enter?”,
at which point the program expects user to enter an integer to specify the
size of the array. And the program will keep asking for a valid integer in
case user has typed in a negative or 0, the program will notice user “You 
must enter a value > 0; Try again. ”. After program has received a valid 
size of the array, it will then ask user to keep specifying the elements in
the array, by printing out “Enter up to x integers:”, where x is the size of
the array that has declared. At this moment, user can type as many integers 
as user want. Program will automatically find the correct size of the elements
and then print them out in order (original array, reverse1, reverse1-avian; 
original,reverse2,reverse2-again). When user has entered integers are equal or
exceed the size that user has mentioned, “enter”key is sufficient. Otherwise, 
if the number of integers user has entered is less than the size user has 
specified and end the typing by EOF,which is “CTRL+D”, then the program will 
automatically creating an new array which takes place of original size of the 
array that sure has initially declared and does the same thing afterwards.

  Slots.java & SlotWheel.java: These 2 files are essentially one program with 
the Slots.java as controller and SlotWheel.java as the construct animation. 
When user started the program, there will be the title on the top of the pop-up
window, says"SUN VAS GODAS”. Under that header, there will be the textfield
indicates the number of spins number of wins so far. And there will be a blank
textfield for user to type in the amount to deposit, a “Bank” to keep track
the amount of money user has left, and one jumbo box which can pick how much
user wants to gamble. Along with those, there will also be 3 wheels in the
middle of the canvas and a click button says “Click to Spin”. When user has
clicked the spin button, three slot wheels will begin to spin and eventually
stop in a fashion of the first one stops first, second one stops second, third
one stops last. Once all three wheels has stopped, the program will check
whether 3 wheels are identical. If they are, then a congrats picture will show
up and the counter of the wins will increment by one. Also, the bank will 
increment by the amount of the money user has selected times the payoff ratio
which is 15 in our case.



Vim Questions: 
1. In vim/gvim, what commands will indent N consecutive lines 
   (starting from the cursor line) by one level where the indent level is 
   defined to be two spaces? This will take two vim commands: one to set 
   the number of spaces to indent with each indent level (default is 8), 
   and one to actually indent N consecutive lines. Likewise what command 
   will shift N lines left (de-indent N lines)? 

   In command mode, type ":set shiftwidth=2"
   then type ": > N" shift right
   or ": < N" to shift left
   N is the number of line you want to shift
  
2. In vim/gvim, what command will indent an entire curly-bracket block one
   level, while the cursor is currently on either the open or close curly
   bracket of the block? Likewise what command will shift an entire 
   curly-bracket block one level left (de-indent block)? 
  
   In command mode, move the cursor to the bracket and then type ">i{" to
   indent to the right; type ">i{" to indent to left

3. How do you open a new line below and insert 
   (one keyboard key for both steps)? 
   In command mode, press "o"
 
Unix Question: 
4. On the Unix command line, how can you capture (redirect) the program's
   output into a file named "output"? 
   In terminal, append " >output.txt" after "javac XXX.java" 
 
Java Question: 
5. How can you create an array of ints in Java and initialize it with the 
   values of all single digit odd positive numbers (between 0-9), all in one 
   step/line?
   int[] anArray = {1,3,5,7,9};
